I can sit upright.
I was just at the top of that staircase
I saw this girl
Walking in a hurry
Accidentally fell down the stairs
You're lying. I'm not.
All the ghosts saw it, that's it
I can also testify
Miss sweet just passed by
They are so far away
How could it possibly push you down the stairs?
Ok you guys
Just because they are the children of Jinyaxuan shareholders
You fall like this, it's black and white, right?
Ah, you're not making a video, are you?
Hurry up and show everyone!
I was taking a selfie.
I don't know what happened.
Obviously you took up my exclusive music first
teacher
And talking privately about what my mom bought me
How could you be found out later?
Just to get everyone's sympathy for falling down the stairs
You see my hands are red from his squeeze
He bullied me first
Why are you still biting back?
Kun, you still don't believe me